hey youtube goddess lily I have another
closure to show you today the hair is
from of course arjuni and I wanted to
show you the package because this is the
type of hair that I'm making a closure
for so this is what the client sent me
and this is the hair i believe is 16 to
18 inches and this is going back to her
I've here my face and I had already
packed it up this is the closure and I
just realized okay I have to make the
video i forgot to make this video so
this is actually a 3 by 3 inch closure
so this is what it looks like it up
close so you can see that beautiful
hairline
now this client wanted clips so I gave
her three class
the knots are bleached let me give you
apart so you can see
it is free partying it's kind of like
when you dry it when you try your
closures if you dry it straight back
then that's how the hair is going to
flow straight back so if you blow dry it
then the hair will basically be trained
to go wild so that is the inside let me
wrap it around my hand so you can kind
of see what it looks like against the
skin so once again it says a 3 by 3 inch
closure and this is what the arjuni hair
so i'll be shipping us out to you today
come in a priority mail package insured
I always ship with insurance and I also
ship with signature and delivery
confirmation okay so that's it for the
closure i want to show you my malaysian
hair that I got this is I bought two
bundles of 18 in one bundle of 20 and
this is the hair that i got from ebay
I'm ready to start on my wig what I'm
going to do actually is I'm going to go
ahead and bleach it first that's why I
have it on the hanger and I actually
filled the West I always feel my webs
and then I go in and I cut the returns
because if you don't cut the returns
even though they're about an inch the
hair will still tangle at the end so you
always want to seal your West with some
type of seal or you can either use nail
glue crazy glue I use the easy
app and then I go in and it'll take me
about a day to cut all these returns and
so this is the hair so i will be making
me a full wig but the wig that i'm going
to make it's not going to be a full lace
front like this one as a full lace
frontal this is just going to be a 4 by
4 inch and I want to make it that way
because this is the wigs that i sell i
sell the wigs with a 4 by 4 inch lace
frontal and and the rest is you know all
machine song and then I want to make it
all machine so you know because i want
that fullness i must have for this
coming down of course when you're
ventilating you know you can see the
edge here it's all ventilated so the
hare is basically really thin you don't
have that boldness coming down so i'm
looking forward to making this and
actually will make a video on you know
how its constructed and mmm as I'm going
along with it it shouldn't take me more
than a few weeks I want to be finished
with this definitely before Christmas
okay to thank you for watching